Yes
green
rianne fields
us tomorrow
hey
Yes
he is tall
for the
nice and soft winning
Certainly than happy that I can handle the winter
make training hard on also with the trainer
long shots
so yes it was beautiful i am happy brian
I scored so there was already one
very close
number of matches you see they are one
shape goes up and needs some simple
learn to play but you just see that
make the progression
and for that nice detail is that goal
market
yes i owe fernandez training too
the fact that I am allowed to play and
also the fact that I shoot him again
he has practiced as it were
art taught me a bit because it
is a shot of 20 meters and that
we train hard until second so eh yes
that's why I had to celebrate with
it was against him two means that
you also end up a little further
the on the rankings that makes it extra
nice yes of course you wanted you want to
that elite group
do you want to come have 4 games so
You are now six points ahead of Heracles
and you think I am 4 points ahead of az
that 's where the magic is and you just have to
look at yourself and for the
home game against go ahead that must
we just try to win and then have to
you do anything about it
so you ca n't relax with but we
are on the right track